= Requirements =
To build fully-functionaly libraries and demos, you need have:
  * GTK+ 2.x or higher.
  * libpng, zlib, libjpeg and libtiff with development files.
  * libavcodec from ffmpeg 0.4.9-pre1 or later + headers.
Earlier version do not work with OpenCV because of different API. *libavcodec* is *LGPL* software, so to use it with *non-GPL* software (such as OpenCV) you need to build and use a shared library _libavcodec.so.*_

Get *ffmpeg* from http://ffmpeg.sourceforge.net

Build *ffmpeg* on your system
{{{
./configure --enable-shared
make
make install
}}}
You will get:

_/usr/local/lib/libavcodec.so.* _

_/usr/local/lib/libavformat.so.* _

_/usr/local/include/ffmpeg/*.h _

in your _/usr/_ directory.


= Obtain the OpenCV library =

Download the library from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opencvlibrary/.

Since OpenCV is 2.0 now, please download _OpenCV-2.0.0.tar.bz2_, please do not download the windows version.

= Building OpenCV from sources =
Uncompress the packaged file
{{{ 
tar -xjf OpenCV-2.0.0.tar.bz2
}}}
Make a temporay build directory
{{{
mkdir opencv.build
}}}
Enter into the directory
{{{
cd opencv.build
}}}
Configure the building spec
{{{ 
../OpenCV-2.0.0/configure [<extra_options>]
}}}
Make
{{{
make -j 2
}}} 
Install to _/usr/_
{{{
sudo make install
}}}
Register the library
{{{
sudo ldconfig
}}}







= Details =



Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages






= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages